Clean up configuration.md (#2544)
nf-core/website: sites/docs/src/content/docs/usage/Getting_started/configuration.md

# Introduction

One of the strongest features of Nextflow is that it can run on virtually any computational infrastructure.
It has built-in support for HPC execution schedulers (such as [Slurm](https://slurm.schedmd.com/quickstart.html), [SGE](https://docs.oracle.com/cd/E19680-01/html/821-1541/ciagcgha.html#scrolltoc), and [others](https://www.nextflow.io/docs/latest/executor.html)) and cloud compute infrastructure (such as [AWS Batch](https://aws.amazon.com/batch/), [Google Cloud](https://cloud.google.com/) and [others](https://www.nextflow.io/docs/latest/executor.html)).

For dependency management, Nextflow supports container engines such as [Docker](https://www.docker.com/), [Singularity](https://sylabs.io/), and [others](https://www.nextflow.io/docs/latest/container.html), and dependency management systems ([Conda](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/) and [Spack](https://spack.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)) to deploy the pipelines.

> To get nf-core pipelines to run properly on your system, you must install your dependency management software of choice (see [Installation](../usage/installation.md)) and configure Nextflow to run your workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get nf-core pipelines to run properly on your system, you must install your dependency management software of choice (see [Installation](/docs/usage/getting_started/installation)) and configure Nextflow to run your workflows.
```
